♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase, ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Rubble]
"Pups and the Trouble with Turtles."
[yawns]
Huh?
Turtle?
[chuckles] Now I've seen everything!
[turtle chirps]
[laughs]
[chuckles] Whoa!
Oh! Ah! Oh!
Hey, that really tickles!
[Rubble snoring]
Now that's what I call sleepwalking!
[laughs] Good morning, Rubble!
[Rubble snorts]
Morning, Marshall.
Where are you going?
I'm not moving. You are!
Huh? What?
[barks]
[grunts]
Hey! [laughs] That tickles!
More turtles?
Huh, I found one in my juice glass.
[chirps]
They're everywhere.
[all] Aw!
They're so cute!
-You look like a Myrtle!
-[chirps]
Myrtle the Turtle! [giggles]
Let's call this one Bertle!
-Gertle!
-Churtle and Wurtle.
Joey!
-What? I love the name Joey.
-[all laugh]
This one has a star on her back.
Let's call her Star!
Star wants some water.
Turtles need water to live.
I better figure out where they came from
so we can get them back home.
[all] Aw!
Can't they stay here?
These turtles need to live
near a lot of water,
like a pond or a river,
not a dog bowl.
[chirps]
[all laugh]
Rocky, make a safe place
to gather the turtles.
[barks]
That should keep them in one place!
Are they all here?
There's Myrtle, Gertle…
Burtle, Joey…
Where are the rest?
Megaphone! [barks]
Emergency! The turtles have escaped!
I repeat, the turtles have--
Turtle express, coming through!
[chirps]
They're slow, but they get around.
[laughs]
Rocky?
Uh, what's up with your hat?
Huh?
Whoa!
-[giggles]
-[chuckles] Found one more!
-Play with your friends in here!
-[giggles]
Okay, who wants to get wet?
[barks] Water cannon!
Hose off! [barks]
[all laugh]
-Go, Joey, go!
-[all cheering]
Now, if I was a freshwater turtle,
where would I live?
Whoa!
Either that's one giant turtle, or…
-[chirps]
-[laughs] Found another one!
Farmer Yumi's pond is all dried up!
No wonder you left home.
We need to fix up your pond!
No job is too big. No pup is too small!
[beeps]
PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
[all] Ryder needs us!
Ugh, and I need a towel!
[all barking]
Marshall, why so slow?
Shh!
[snores]
Aw!
[all laugh]
[elevator bell dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir!
Marshall, why are you moving so slowly?
If I move at turtle speed,
I won't wake her up.
[yawns]
Okay, pups… and Star.
I figured out why the turtles are here.
[beeps]
Their pond is all dried up,
and they're looking
for someplace wet to stay cool.
Huh?
[all gasp]
I wonder what's wrong.
Hmm.
[all chirping]
Turtles and TVs don't go together.
[all laugh]
[beeps]
First, we need to figure out
why there's no water in the pond.
[beeps]
Rubble, I'll need you and your digger
to help clear it.
Let's dig it!
The rest of you pups,
keep the turtles safe and wet
until we get the water back in the pond.
[barks] Net!
[barks]
Don't worry.
They won't get away from us again!
All right! PAW Patrol is on a roll!
-[all barking]
-Whoo-hoo!
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Rubble! ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
[tires squeal]
Need any help with the turtles?
No thanks, they're not heavy.
In fact, they seem
to be getting a lot lighter.
Uh-oh!
[barks]
Megaphone! [barks]
Pups, the turtles have escaped again!
Uh, we're right here, dude.
[laughs]
Split up and find those turtles!
[all] You got it!
-[barks]
-Yeah!
[Skye] I think that's all of them.
Uh-oh, we're missing one!
-Oh! [laughs]
-♪ Do the Pup Pup Boogie ♪
You think doing the Pup Pup Boogie
will help you find the turtle?
[chirps]
It's Star! She really tickles!
[giggles]
These turtles love to play.
Maybe that's how we can
keep them in one place.
[all] Huh?
There should be a spring
or an underground stream
that brings the water into the pond.
Hmm… Huh?
There's a puddle here!
Ah!
What's wrong, Rubble?
This is the turtles' home for sure!
One's still here!
Hmm, what's blocking the water?
A-ha!
Try drilling a new hole.
That should let the water
into the pond again.
Rubble on the double!
[barks]
Don't worry, little guy.
Soon, all of your friends
will be back home.
[chirps]
A water park for turtles is a great way
to keep them from running away!
Time to test the water slide!
[chuckles]
Go for it, Churtle!
Oh, sorry, Burtle!
[laughs]
Great dive, Star!
Nothing yet!
I have to go deeper!
[beeps]
You did it, Rubble!
[barks]
Whoa!
I really did it, maybe too well.
Uh-oh, you better get out of there!
It's filling up fast!
-[beeps]
-[engine stalls]
The digger won't start!
The water got in the engine!
[beeps]
-[Ryder] Zuma, Chase!
-Chase here!
I need you both at Yumi's pond right away!
[both] Let's roll!
[barks]
[siren blaring]
My rig! You have to do something!
Get your winch out, Chase!
You got it, Ryder! [barks]
Zuma, take the hook.
Let's dive in! [barks]
Get me out of here, on the double!
[barks]
Chase, you're on!
-Chase is on the case!
-[beeps]
I love a bath, but not that kind!
[both laugh]
-[beeps]
-[engine starts]
All right, it's working!
Thanks, Chase and Zuma!
You saved the day!
[both] It's what we do.
Now, let's get these turtles home.
[beeps]
-Skye?
-Hi, Ryder, what's up?
We're all done here.
The turtles can come back to the pond.
All right! [barks]
You're going home!
[chirping]
Here we are, guys.
Home again!
All right, turtles.
Your home is good as new.
Better, actually,
thanks to this good bunch of pups.
-[Rubble] Welcome home, Burtle!
-Huh?
Have fun, Gertle!
Have a good swim, Joey!
[chirps]
[all laugh]
Hmm, one turtle is missing.
[laughs]
Oh! [laughs]
-[all laugh]
-♪ You're all good pups ♪
-♪ And we saved the day ♪
-Found her!
♪ And now it's time to play
Around Adventure Bay ♪
-[vocalizing] ♪ PAW, PAW, PAW Patrol ♪
-[chirps]
Look. Star's saying "Thank you!"
If the turtles ever need us again,
they just have to…
[laughs]
…tickle for help.
[all laugh]
[theme music playing]